Summary:
trying to think of multiple scenarios where I can put these problematic ppl in pain? ig this is kinda weird and disrespectful to write about so nothing too graphic... shit they've done irl is probably worse. And I think I'd throw up if I wrote anything too weird. is this asshole behavior? this was funnier in my head. send requests pls

Work Text:
The boxing ring-- Illuminated by bright flashing lights (probably dude idk I don't watch boxing matches), paired with a crowd chanting like they're about to watch a gladiator fight. But it kind of is yk? Because guess what? THERE'S WEAPONS!!! And the place does look more like an arena... Trust me this will be more interesting than Youtuber boxing (or I guess not)

"Everyone!" the host shouted into the microphone, "Welcome to the Pedophile Boxing Ring!" His announcement was followed by a series of chants sounding like a bunch of maniacs playing tag.

"Today, we're starting out with some of the worst of them all (that I know), introducing..."

"Dahvie Vanity from Blood On The Dance Floor!!! Guess the Dance Floor isn't the only thing that's gonna have blood on it, right?"

Dahvie entered the large boxing ring, brushing off the shitty joke, and his gaze landed on the wall of weapons protected by a glass case and some sort of digital lock, the weapons most likely to be used later. The wall had normal weapons yk like sharp knives, daggers, pickaxes... and a rocket launcher on the ceiling?!

The serial rapist panicked, and you know what actually who cares about what he feels fuck him

"Next up, we have Pusu from TUYU!!!!"

The blonde 30-ish idk year old Japanese man walked in, glaring at Dahvie. He looked like he was ready to charge straight at him, if it weren't for the fence separating the two of them. It was then he noticed that Pusu was holding a kitchen knife.

"HEY, WHAT THE FUCK?! WHY DOES HE HAVE A WEAPON AND I DON'T?!?!?!" Dahvie yelled, pissed off but also scared shitless.

"He stabbed his 13-year-old girlfriend, so he has a knife. You're a rapist, pin him down and use your dick or something." the host spoke back on the mic. "Now, let's see who dies FIRST!!!"

Both Pusu and Dahvie questioned the last word he said, like wdym first? Kinda insane because whoever made it out alive was promised to be completely exempt from serving any jail time. Which doesn't really make sense since Dahvie still roams free and is STILL dming minors like WHAT THE FUCK??? Im pretty sure pusu was just hospitalized instead of arrested woaps tf

The fence separating the two felons was brought down and Dahvie immediately ran to the glass case of weapons, only to realize that it was still locked.

"Uh uh, that unlocks 5 minutes into your struggle if you're both still alive!" the host said.

Dahvie realized he was fucked. Pusu, however, rejoiced. He'd done this before. But would a 40-year-old man be easier to kill than a sleeping 13-year-old girl?

But Dahvie was a monster. A monster who had yet to reach his full potential. He wouldn't be able to stop the tickles. They'd probably call him Mr. Giggles! (I just listened to the whole Ima monster song bc of this holy shit id never wanna do that again)

Pusu charged at him with his knife, but Dahvie swiftly dodged him and managed to pin him down in true rapist fashion. Pusu happened to drop the knife, but it landed too far away from both of them, but Dahvie had a plan in mind. He'd struggle against Pusu for the next five minutes, waiting for the glass case to unlock. Then he'd run to it and take the best weapon there.

Out of nowhere, Pusu grabbed Dahvie by the neck and tried to choke him. However, Dahvie was still holding him down firmly so Pusu still wouldn't be able to move an inch. Both of them were getting weaker by the second. And ig in the rapist fashion (again) Dahvie was so horny and turned on by this he pulled his dih out. That immediately prompted Pusu to use all of his muscle strength to push him off him. Yes ALL his muscle strength. So pretty much right after some of his muscles were torn. He ran towards the knife while Dahvie stared in horror as his penis grew larger and larger. The attempted murderer (and groomer) was also pretty fucking horrified. It grew to the size of three feet and somehow had a sharper tip now.

The glass case still wasn't unlocked. So Dahvie took the initiative by running up to it and punching it with his fist. Dumbass could have used his dih but whatever. He took the machete and charged at Pusu, as his dick followed along and tried stabbing him in the stomach with his dick, but Dahvie still barely had any control over his dick that it ended up stabbing HIM in the stomach.

All Pusu could do was laugh his ass off. He ran to the glass case as well and grabbed another machete. There he charged towards the rapist and tried slicing his head off, only to be greeted with that goddamn dick again to the face, to which he quickly dodged.

Suddenly, they saw a bright light quickly come down from above. It was divine intervention! No I'm kidding it was the rocket launcher from above.

Summary:
Mike fuentes gets run over by two tractors.

Notes:
(See the end of the work for notes.)

Work Text:
Mike Fuentes, now a 45-year-old man, still roams free in the beautiful city of San Diego. Like a tiny, dark dot in an otherwise pure surrounding area. Wait that's literally the fucking yin and yang thing!!! Isn't that cool symbolism??

Today, he had his gaze set on another girl. This time, she was 15, whom he met on Discord at an E-girl server. He told her he was 16, and he was on his way to her birthday party. They had been nothing but friends up until this point, and she had told him that her party was gonna be HUGE. He figured he could slip in unnoticed.

He was planning how exactly to greet her, because he'd catfished her by showing her older photos of him when he was younger. "Hey, I'm that guy from Discord! WhiskeyHands2000? You know that name?" was his best bet at the moment. Mike pulled out his phone to text his victim that he was on his way.

 

(WhiskeyHands2000): Hey, I’m otw there rn

(YaoiMadness): Holy shit yay!! Oh and btw uh i sent you the wrong address. It’s at (pretend i put an address)

(WhiskeyHands2000): Kk, cya there maddie ;)

(YaoiMadness): Never in my life have I actually seen someone say “cya”

 

The discord groomer put his phone down and kept driving. Yes he brought a car. He brought a car and whiskey. Because whiskey hands. Oh and to get her intoxicated so he can bring her to his car, and drive off to some construction site or something so he can show her ‘just how much he loves her’. Pretty fucked up right??? I’m getting pissed off writing this

He spent the next 45 minutes driving while listening to country music. Then he arrived at the location. It's moderately small. Could he even get away with her? Whatever who cares he can't back out now, right? After all, he has to give her a birthday present for her 15th birthday. Ew gross

Mike parked his car a few houses away and walked over to what he presumed to be the girl's house. It looked like there were a shit ton of people inside already, the chatter could be heard from outside. Mike had the bottle of whiskey hidden... somewhere dude idk imagine he's wearing jnco jeans or something

He rang the doorbell and was immediately greeted by a cute 15-year-old girl. Imagine Belle Delphine but with brown hair.

"WhiskeyHands? Hey, you look kinda different from the pictures. Were you catfishing me?"

"No, no, no! I just decided to use pictures from when I was younger."

"Ok whatever just get inside"

Mike entered the house that was jam-packed with people around her age. He looked like an outlier among them all. He went to the dining area and swiftly took out the whiskey he had brought.

"Holy shit! Is that alcohol?" a boy shouted.

"Give me some of that shit!" another boy yelled.

Everyone in the house rushed to get some of it, to which Mike had to fortunately serve them all. After about half the bottle was gone, he ran out the dining area with the whiskey in hand and went to look for Maddie. He looked through all the rooms and found her sitting on the floor of one of the bedrooms upstairs.

"Hey, um..." the pedo called out.

"Oh, hey. You wanna come sit here?" she patted a spot on the floor next to her.

"I brought whiskey. You can have it all."

"Deadass?"

"Yeah I'm being so fr rn"

"Why do you look like you're 45"

"What kind of fucking insult is that? I AM 16..." this little shit was totally fucking lying.

"Okay whatever I'm miserable because I'm 15 give me that shit" she chugged down half of the remaining whiskey and got drunk immediately. She offered what was left to the discord groomer. He chugged it all down too.

"Heeeyyyy, so wanna go outside?" a drunken Mike said.

"Sure, I woud looove to goo" an ever drunker Maddie replied, slurring her words. Can you tell I've never talked to a drunk person

He took her to his car and drove off to the nearest construction site. It was about 11PM at this time. Maddie fell asleep in the backseat. After arriving, he took off his seatbelt, climbed to the backseat, and got on top of the still-unconscious Maddie.

But all while the pedophile was trying to take his pants off, a bright light suddenly flashed in front of the car, and Maddie disappeared. Mike panicked, and realized that the light in front of him right now is coming from a goddamn tractor. Holy shit he is not about to lose his car! He tried starting the car which totally fucking failed. The tractor was now alarmingly close, so he rushed out of the car and got the fuck out of there. What he didn't realize is that there was another tractor coming for him on that side, this time it was fast as fuck unlike the other tractor.

Before his death, the last thing he saw was a Loniel Robinson-shaped silhouette behind the wheel.

Notes:
dear goodness i had to edit this because I realized I misspelled loniel as lionel wth

Summary:
A continuation of the first fic, not including pusu cus including him would be targeting a very niche audience tbh

Notes:
(See the end of the work for notes.)

Work Text:
The clouds hung low, darkening the skies and casting shadows on the weeping attendants. They were crying from joy. The world and weather conditions tried to convince them that this was a day to remember, in a bad sense. That his loss was to be mourned. But who the fuck is mourning Dahvie Vanity lmao. Dahvie Vanity was getting buried!!! Yay!!!!! I'd say that the clouds were actually about to cry from joy too.

They always ask, "What's the worst that I can say? Things are better if I stay." Unfortunately that's what Dahvie Vanity says when he suddenly climbs out of his casket. How? His elongated shlong from the first fic. How did he get revived? Because he's a monster who can't stop the tickles. He got tickled so hard in the casket he sprang back to life. More like his dih sprung back to life but whatever.

He stared at all the attendants and growled. "Graaaggghhhh!!!!" The attendants jumped in fear and disgust, what the fuck is this morbid creature? they all thought in unison. Then again Dahvie’s always been a morbid creature, with or without his long ass dick. That said dick suddenly attacked some random fifteen year old emo boy (who was wearing an mcr shirt) and stabbed him in the heart. That’s when the fear and realization finally set in for all the attendants there. Everyone panicked like they were in a disco, scrambling around to get away from the monstrous abomination that is Dahvie.

The horror continued on for about 3 minutes until a man in a suit stepped in. He had jet black hair down to his shoulders, and he was wearing a black suit paired with a red tie and armband. Wait, hold on, THAT’S GERARD WAY!!!!! OF MY CHEMICAL ROMANCE!!!!

“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!” Both Dahvie and the remaining 50 survivors scream at the same time. Dahvie screamed out of fear, the survivors were actually squealing fangirls and fanboys. Frank, Ray, and Mikey all step in behind Gerard. They were standing in V-formation.

Gerard yells, “LET’S BLOW AN ARTERY!!! Mikey, you go to the left! Ray, you go to the right! And Frank? You just be Frank.”

They all scatter and swiftly attack Dahvie, Mikey going in from the left yk what im sure you read the previous paragraph. Frank went under Dahvie (yeah he can pass through elongated dicks pretty cool right?) and quickly put his arm over his throat, using the free hand to pull out a dagger which just so happened to makes its way to the predator’s left leg. He screamed in agonizing pain, and Frank quickly pulled out the dagger and sliced off the long dih. Dahvie screamed even louder. Ray dashes towards Dahvie and punches him in the face, to which Dahvie loses literally all his teeth. His fist must have been made from steel cus like damn. Frank quickly lodges the dagger into the rapist’s throat. Mikey jumps in and uses his ice powers to freeze the predator, and the two other members dodge it easily. They run off to go find something in the nearby woods, and Gerard steps in and uses his telekinesis to lift up the rapist. Dahvie didn’t know that they were about to do until he somehow saw the bonfire that was being set up.

Ray used his powers to light the fire and poured a bunch of gasoline over it, making it strong and effective. Gerard set Dahvie right above the fire, and although it didn’t melt the ice, he still felt like he was burning alive, all while being stuck in an ice cube. Bitchass didn't learn to hold his breath and swim under the ice. He wanted to scream in pain, if it weren’t for the knife in his throat that he couldn’t even dislodge. He practically has no mouth and he wants to scream. He couldn’t even move. Maybe his body should have just let him rest early instead of giving him a painful end like this. Except I don’t want that.

After he burned, froze, and bled to death all at the same time, all that was left was his insides. Idkhow his insides remained intact, but they took his intestines and put them in a bag that says “to bmth”. Those intestines would be great for an album cover I think.

“Great work boys!” Gerard yells, and the three yell back happy, fulfilled noises. Then they all kiss. Gerard and Mikey kissed each other on the cheek in a very familial way because they’re brothers waycest shippers stay away. No but seriously are waycest shippers just ragebaiting or are they actually real

Notes:
you could say they had their sweet revenge against this creature. give them three cheers rn they'd appreciate it.

Summary:
The title. This was requested. Torture fic not a kinky fic cus like man idk either

Notes:
For Copyrighted_trash.
Hi sorry this took so long!! Was super busy

Work Text:
Peter. Peter Lewis Kingston Wentz III. The bassist of Fall Out Boy, who fell out of line, and so did his pants. His pants fell. He was in public, being shot live for the MTV Awards 20something, and his pants fell, exposing his grey Calvin Klein boxers and hairy ass legs. The rest of the band behind him immediately froze, and the rest of the room went quiet as attendants went googly-eyed from shock. In fact, the room was so quiet you could hear a jaw drop. And another one dropped. Like 50 jaws dropped, so it wasn't actually that silent. It was still a place where the sun was silent. The jaws of life.

Patrick rushes to Pete and quickly pulls the bassist's pants up, not bothering to readjust the belt that caused all of this. Andy signals to Joe and Patrick that they should get the fuck out, so they run out the doors, Pete barely catching up. They get in their beat-up Honda that literally wasn't even beat-up before they got out of it earlier, and drove off to their shared apartment.

After arriving in their shared apartment, the door to Patrock's room (which had a hole made by Joe) swung open as they dragged Pete inside. They let him go after cornering him, and Andy took the initiative by grabbing Pete's hair and pulling his pants down. Patrick took a chair while Andy and Joe led Pete to the ceiling with a nail hammered onto it. Patrick also took a scalpel and a box cutter.

The three members put the now struggling Pete in the chair, and Andy grabbed the bassist's underwear (and by extension, him) and hung it on the nail. He took the scalpel from Patrick and used it to cut through Pete's skin, to which Pete let out an agonizing scream. Andy then hung the skin along with the underwear like it was elastic. Holy shit omg i just remembered that guy, I think his name was elastic man…? Oh yeah and they also removed the chair so now he was dangling with that nail as his support.

Pete is shaking like a maniac from fear, closing his eyes shut, until he jerked up after feeling a stream of liquid attacking his face. Joe was pissing on him! Like, PISSING pissing on him! How was he defying gravity?! Pete tried flailing around to get himself to fall back down, but his skin and underwear were basically gripping on to the bent nail like it would be vital to his well-being.

When he saw Patrick grabbing a spiked baseball bat, he knew he was done for. He screamed at the three, "What have I done to you?! What did I do to deserve this?!", and the little shit actually tried looking back at the major shit he's done! His exact thought process went like:

'Hmm yeah, I dated Mikey Way… then I tried to make moves on Patrick, who was way younger than me at the time… oh shit! Way younger? Like my ex, who I dated when she was 17 and emotionally abused! Ohhh, now I get it! Fuck—'

His thinking was interrupted by someone barging into the room, possibly the bassist of… MY CHEMICAL ROMANCE? MIKEY WAY? He was panting, then looked up to see Pete's miserable figure dangling from the ceiling, and he magically made Pete freeze in place. Like literally, he made him freeze with his ice powers! For some reason, the ice amplified the pain in his ass by 50 times, so the very logical thing Pete would do was scream, but he couldn't, because he was fucking frozen.

Patrick jumped to an abnormally high height and hit Pete the strongest as he could with the baseball bat, over and over again. They all jump and start hitting Pete like their lives depended on it. Joe punched him in the guts, Andy started choking him, Patrick kept hitting him with the bat, and Mikey punched and broke his jaw.

After exactly 30.5 minutes of that whole ordeal, they plant a seed on the ground for a second before going back to beating the shit out of Pete again, this time utilizing the box cutter and scalpel. After 25 minutes, whatever the group planted grew into a horrifying Venus Flytrap plant (I think that was what it was called? Idk google loves jumpscaring me so I wouldn't wanna search it up). The plant then swallows him whole, as if he was just as irrelevant as a fly. You could call it a Venus Petetrap i guess.

Then they get Tony Perry from ptv to replace Pete indefinitely because his cosplay from the roadies video was so convincing and just beautiful and because tony is unproblematic i mean i fucking hope so dude id die if he was problematic

Series this work belongs to:



